Create SECURITY.md (#100)
jboss-msc/jboss-msc: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy 
 
## Security Contacts and Procedures
 

> <PROJECT_NAME> community takes security very seriously, and we aim to take immediate action to address serious security-related problems that involve our products or services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JBoss community takes security very seriously, and we aim to take immediate action to address serious security-related problems that involve our products or services.
```

Keep it simple/general? I'm not great at things like this 😅

 
Please report any suspected security vulnerability in this project to Red Hat Product Security at secalert@redhat.com. You can use our GPG key to communicate with us securely.
 
To report an issue in any Red Hat branded website or online service, please contact Red Hat Information Security at site-security@redhat.com.

> https://access.redhat.com/security/team/contact

Reviewer 2: Needs a new line above this one to render properly.
